=pod

=head1 The F<META.info> File

Every project willing to be a part of the Perl 6 module ecosystem should
provide some sort of metadata that can be easily identified and handled
properly. This is what the F<META.info> file is for.

The F<META.info> file I<must> exist in the project's root directory. If
it doesn't, the module will not be identified as a Perl 6 project and is
likely to be ignored by the package managers. The F<META.info> file I<must>
contain valid L<JSON|http://json.org/>.

The JSON content of the file I<must> be a hash object with the following
fields:

=head2 Mandatory fields

=over 4

=item C<name>

The fully-qualified module name. For example:

    ufo
    JSON::Tiny
    HTTP::Server::Simple

The name B<should not> contain any elements indicating that the module is for
Perl 6 (i.e. no C<perl6::Foo::Bar> or C<Baz::pm6>).

=item C<version>

The module version. If the version is not significant, then this field
should be set to C<*>.

=item C<description>

A short description of the module.

=item C<depends>

An array that specifies the other modules (if any) that the module depends on.
Any modules whose C<name> field is equal to the one mentioned in the C<depends>
field will be installed before the one depending on them. If a module has no
dependencies, the C<depends> field should be an empty array.

=item C<source-url>

A URL that represents where the module's source code can be obtained.

The URL protocol (or "scheme") determines the type of resource: C<ftp://> and
C<http://> are assumed to point to archives containing the full module while C<git://>
points to a Git source code repository.

I<NOTE>: At the time of writing, C<git://> is the only protocol that is known
to be supported by an installer.

=back

=head2 Optional Fields

=over 4

=item C<source-type>

The type of source the module should be installed from. If this field is
missing, the value in the C<source-url> field will be used instead.

I<NOTE>: At the time of writing, C<git> is the only type that is known to be
supported by an installer.

=back

The module author can also add any number of other fields he or she wants.

=head1 The Directory Structure

The project directory can contain any of the following subdirectories:

=over 4

=item C<bin>

The executables should be placed here. They will be installed with the
necessary permissions needed for to run them.

=item C<lib>

All C<.pm> (or C<.pm6>) files should be placed here. They may also be compiled
to some intermediate form (e.g. PIR). All files will be installed to a path from
which they can be used in Perl 6 code (usually F<~/.perl6/lib>).

=item C<doc>

Any sort of documentation to be installed with a module. The files will
be installed without modification. For example, all the contents of
a F<doc/> directory of a module C<Foo::Bar> will end up in
F</perl6/modules/path/doc/Foo/Bar>.

=item C<t>

The tests should be placed here. They will be run after building the module and
before installation.

=back

=head2 Makefile

If the root directory contains a Makefile, it will be used to build
(C<make>), test (C<make test>) and install (C<make install>) the module.

=cut
